Good Tang Jin
Be serious.
If you can't stay in Jingmen, go to my place
Although our unicorn brand is not that loud.
But I'm the boss anyway
I have the final say in everything
If you go
Isn't it a senior partner?
How about you talk to me like that?
I really think you're setting me up
Look at you
A woman for so many years
Don't fall in love or get married
Make yourself look like a female soldier of the Expendables all day
Is this the life a normal woman should have?
Can you handle it?
I know our Qilin Temple can't stand your big Buddha
But we are sincere.
And we don't have those famous cases.
What do you mean by saying something?
Who orchestrates it?
What is the name of the case fight?
Don't you think something's been wrong lately?
You have been fighting for divorce for so many years
Have there been too many accidents during this time?
Have you felt anything wrong recently?
What do you know, you can just tell me no
Then you said you were teasing me for a long time?
Many things can only be understood and cannot be explained
Too much is wrong
Buddha said not to say
Can't say yes
Go away then
Oh, you woman
I don't think even the Lord can save you anymore
Why did you become the master again?
135 is Allah
Two Four Six is Jesus
Sunday is Sakyamuni